Andreas Iglesias came to the Shelby City at about 2 years old with his Dad, his mother didn’t want to leave Belize to find a better life in the United States, and she always hated the idea of moving to such a big city like Shelby city, but there was no stopping Mr. Iglesias and his son, Andreas. Andreas picked up English very quickly because he could barely talk at all before making the move. He met [[Silas Kane]] in middle school, but while Andreas was so fascinated with getting rich as [[Silas Kane]] was, he thought he would be able to convince his mother to come live in Shelby city with his dad and him. They would go and visit her in Belize twice a year. She had recently gotten married to a new man and they had their first kid.

When [[Silas Kane]] proposed the storage idea to Andreas, he felt like it was a good idea at the time, to make some good money on the side in the future, he didn’t think that Virneon would turn into the corporate juggernaut that it ended up being. He didn’t mind the change to data storage, nor did he mind the change to web hosting. But with the growing problem of social media addiction world wide, he worried that Virneon Online would do more harm than good. Which is why he pushed back when it started to grow, and when he heard about greg and many others alike during a news segment, he decided to call it quits. He negotiated with [[Silas Kane]] to at least take the 72hz frequency out of the software. But [[Silas Kane]] refused

This sparked the huge fight that ended up in [[Silas Kane]] buying Andreas’ 50% stake in Virneon. Not much later, Andreas and his dad moved back to Belize because they we’re growing increasingly frightened with the looming dangers of Shelby City and Virneons influence in their lives. There have been some cases in Belize of people being affected by Virneon Online, but those are few and far between.