Eli Mercer is 24, he’s studied 3 years of software development, after which he did a 2 year course on ethical hacking. He is a quiet, soft-spoken and often very shy person and hasn’t been able to maintain close personal connections in the past, he mostly keeps to himself and used to find comfort in discovering new tech. As a child, he’d often find himself at retro electronics stores, looking for something he didn’t recognise. He grew up with only his mother, he never knew his dad. Not too long ago, when Eli was just 19 years old, his mother became distant, giving him less and less attention in favour of her phone, it’s like she was barely around anymore. She was there physically, but emotionally, she was tied up with all kinds of social media.  Eli’s mother wasn’t the only one. Greg, the gentleman who works at the retro game store across the street, wasn’t excited to answer questions about consoles from the late 90s anymore.

When Vireon, a huge tech company that mostly focused on hosting and data storage, suddenly came out with their brand new social media platform, called Vireon Online in 2022, Eli felt something was off, everybody barely looked up anymore. Eli still had short conversations with his mother during dinner, or in the rare occasion his mom turned her phone off to do laundry or clean the house. But this wasn’t more than generic conversations about their days.

Not much later, in 2024, Eli got kicked out of the house, his mom got fired from her job because of her social media addiction, and she wasn’t the only one. Eli, who struggled to find a job anywhere because of his lack of experience became homeless. He saw the world changing right in front of his eyes. Vireon was gaining influence on everyone’s lives, nobody looked around anymore, ever. And Eli seemed to be the only one still living a life that would be considered ‘normal’ just 6 years ago. Eli was devastated to learn that the one place he could trust, the one place that felt comfortable was robbed from him. After getting kicked out Eli went to the store for advice, even if Greg wasn’t as present as he used to be, just to arrive at the store to find him passed away, with a rope still around his neck, it looked like it had snapped from the ceiling, barely able to hold Greg for long enough to serve it’s intended purpose. This didn’t only traumatise Eli, but it showed him first hand what Vireon was doing to society.

Eli however, didn’t blame his mother, or Greg. If anything she felt sorry for them, and the nearly 80 million other people infected by this digital disease. It was clear to Eli that something needed to change, and fast.

His time on the street wasn’t easy, quite the opposite actually. The age old tactic of sitting with a sign saying “god loves you” and a plastic cup for money didn’t work anymore, no one saw, no one carried cash anymore, all transactions were done via Vireon Pay. So he took advantage of the system, there wasn’t a person left in his area that paid attention, so what did he do? Walked into a grocery store, grabbed some food, and just walked out. The cashiers didn’t care, they didn’t even notice it happening. Eli saw how the world was changing around him. It broke him, in more ways than one, he saw how people became distant to one another, he could go days without hearing another person say a single word, he felt like he was in solitude but there we’re hundreds, if not thousands of people around him. But also knowing that there we’re other people out there that we’re like him, not trapped yet, losing loved ones by the minute, broke him even more. During these two years, he never talked to anybody, he did however run into a peer just like him every once in a while, he could see them looking around, just as broken, just as desperate as he was. He was too afraid to talk to them, what if they worked for Vireon, what if they were trying to clean out the city of it’s last non-vireonites. But this kept him up for more night than he’d like to admit, although he would constantly tell himself that he’s overthinking it

By the time Vireon Online was released, Eli had grown incredibly resentful towards all social media, he missed the old tech, the big, robust box tv’s from way back, not that he was alive to experience most of that era, but it seemed much more humble, much more harmless. Due to his mother’s situation with social media which indirectly caused him to become homeless, he swore up and down he would never get involved with social media, especially Vireon Online. He wanted to do something about this madness, but as a 24 year old living on the streets of Shelby city, there isn’t much he could do, until he got that cryptic message from [[Lena Voss]]. He didn’t know what it was at first, but upon learning the reasoning behind this, he was all in, this was his shot to get his mother back, to avenge Greg from the tech store.