Silas Kane, who is 41 years old. Hasn’t always been the richest person in the world. He grew up with 2 older brothers and his parents in Shelby city. He is a very calm, and composed person, he doesn’t stress about anything, he doesn’t worry often, and if he does, he has all the right to. You’ll only see him worry about the largest problems the world has to offer. Silas had always wanted to be rich, he used to take the bus to the rich neighbourhoods of the city just to look at their houses and cars, see the private chefs working through the kitchen window. Whenever 5 o’clock hit, the wealthy businessmen would return home, waiting for them, beautiful wives. Silas knew very early that this is the life he wanted to live. At just 17 years old, he had a proposal for his friend, [[Andreas Iglesias]]. What if people paid them to hold on to their belongings, or more accurately, they bought a small storage facility with about 8 units. They paid for this with the money they made from winning a small radio game show, it was only $10.000,-. But in 2002, when the storage industry was going downhill rapidly, this just about covered the initial purchasing cost from a real estate owner who just wanted to get rid of it. They renovated the place themselves, and quickly started to turn a profit. After a few years they figured, what if we don’t just store peoples physical belongings, but also their digital ones. This is when they started Vireon in 2009. Which started as just a database hosting service.

When this service hit the ground running, they quickly decided to hire a few real software engineers and started their own website creation and hosting service. And about 10 years later, in 2019, they decided that they would capitalise off of peoples growing social media addiction. And in 2022, they released it. Vireon Online. The only social media app people would ever need.

When this too became very successful, Silas’ vision would occasionally get cloudy, and in a huge fight with [[Andreas Iglesias]], Silas decided to buy [[Andreas Iglesias]]’ 50% stake in the company to become the soul owner of Vireon. Silas began feeling more and more happening to his physical self, but inside, he remained calm as ever. And Silas, still has a picture framed in the conference room, of him and [[Andreas Iglesias]] standing proudly in front of that storage facility.